Release notes NCS v2.7.0: Fast Pair update & introduction of the DULT module (#1)
kapi-no/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-2.7.0.rst

  * Added support for the :ref:`zephyr:nrf54h20dk_nrf54h20` board.

Bluetooth Fast Pair samples
---------------------------

> * Defined the new :ref:`bt_fast_pair_samples` category and moved the :ref:`fast_pair_input_device` sample into it.

Reviewer: This could be moved to sample sections - https://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK_dev/doc/PR-15961/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-2.7.0.html#samples. Just the  category part.
```suggestion
* Moved the :ref:`fast_pair_input_device` sample to the :ref:`bt_fast_pair_samples` category.
```

* :ref:`fast_pair_input_device` sample:

  * Added support for the :ref:`nRF54L15 PDK <ug_nrf54l15_gs>` board.
  * Replaced the :ref:`zephyr:bluetooth-hci-ipc-sample` radio core firmware with the :ref:`ipc_radio`.
  * Removed unnecessary :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_HEAP_MEM_POOL_SIZE` Kconfig configuration.

> * Added :ref:`fast_pair_locator_tag` sample to demonstrate support for the locator tag use case and
> the Find My Device Network (FMDN) extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added :ref:`fast_pair_locator_tag` sample to demonstrate support for the locator tag use case and the Find My Device Network (FMDN) extension.
```

>   The new sample is available in the debug build configuration (:file:`prj.conf`) and the release build configuration (:file:`prj_release.conf`).

Reviewer 2: Consider: I wonder if it would not be better to refer to the configuration sets using the eventual file suffixes instead of the main application configuration file.

Author: Hmm, both variants highlight different things. The current one is more user-friendly in terms of navigation to the file to see the release configuration. Your suggestion is more user-friendly in terms of testing the release configuration in runtime.

Let's see input from others.

BTW, could you request a specific change so that we can evaluate the counter proposal? Would it look somewhat similar to this?

```suggestion
  The new sample is available in the debug build configuration (the default option) and the release build configuration (the `-DFILE_SUFFIX=release` build option).
```

Reviewer 2: Well, release configuration can consist of multiple files in addition to the main application configuration file, thats why i suggested it to refer to file suffixes (https://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK/doc/latest/zephyr/develop/application/index.html#application-file-suffixes) based on the experience in the nRF Desktop app.
However, this sample is not that complicated so I will not insist on that, just suggestion that shows which files to search and how you can build that.

I think your proposal look fine, or simply just
```suggestion
  The new sample is available in the debug build configuration (the default option) and the release build configuration (the ``release`` file suffix).
```

Author: fixed with small changes

    * Experimental support for a new cryptographical backend that relies on the PSA crypto APIs (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR_CRYPTO_PSA`).
    * The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR_REQ_PAIRING` Kconfig option to provide the possibility to skip the Bluetooth pairing and bonding phase during the Fast Pair procedure.
      This option must be disabled in the Fast Pair locator tag use case due to its requirements.
    * The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR_GATT_SERVICE_MODEL_ID` Kconfig option to provide the possibility to remove the Model ID characteristic from the Fast Pair service.
      This option must be disabled in the Fast Pair locator tag use case due to its requirements.
    * An UUID definition of the FMDN Beacon Actions characteristic to the Fast Pair UUID header (:file:`bluetooth/services/fast_pair/uuid.h`).
    * The experimental status (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_EXPERIMENTAL`) to the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR_PN` Kconfig option, which is used to enable Fast Pair Personalized Name extension.

>   * Removed the experimental status (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_EXPERIMENTAL`) from :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR` Kconfig option, which is the main Fast Pair configuration option.

Author: @b-gent, you seemed to miss this sentence while integrating Fast Pair release notes

* :ref:`bt_fast_pair_readme` library:

  * Added support for the FMDN extension (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR_FMDN`).
  * Added the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR_STORAGE_AK_BACKEND` Kconfig option to select the Account Key storage backend and introduced the new minimal backend for Account Key storage.
    The new backend (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR_STORAGE_AK_BACKEND_MINIMAL`) is dedicated for the locator tag use case and supports the Owner Account Key functionality required by the FMDN extension.
    The old backend (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR_STORAGE_AK_BACKEND_STANDARD`) is used in the input device use case.
  * Added the Beacon Clock storage unit used with the FMDN extension.
  * Added the Ephemeral Identity Key (EIK) storage unit used with the FMDN extension.

>   * Added support for AES-ECB-256, SECP160R1 and SECP256R1 cryptographic operations to the Oberon crypto backend (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR_CRYPTO_OBERON`) that are used in the FMDN extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Added support for AES-ECB-256, SECP160R1, and SECP256R1 cryptographic operations to the Oberon crypto backend (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR_CRYPTO_OBERON`) that are used in the FMDN extension.
```

  * Added experimental support for a new cryptographical backend that relies on the PSA crypto APIs (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR_CRYPTO_PSA`).

>   * Added the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR_REQ_PAIRING` Kconfig option to provide the possibility to skip the Bluetooth pairing and bonding phase during the Fast Pair Procedure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Added the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR_REQ_PAIRING` Kconfig option to provide the possibility to skip the Bluetooth pairing and bonding phase during the Fast Pair procedure.
```

    This option must be disabled in the Fast Pair locator tag use case due to its requirements.
  * Added the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR_GATT_SERVICE_MODEL_ID` Kconfig option to provide the possibility to remove the Model ID characteristic from the Fast Pair service.
    This option must be disabled in the Fast Pair locator tag use case due to its requirements.

>   * Added an UUID definition of the FMDN Beacon Actions characteristic to the Fast Pair UUID header (:file:`bluetooth/services/fast_pair/uuid.h`)

Reviewer: We could group the added into one bullet point like below:

* Added:
   
  * Support for the FDMN...
  * ...

>   * Added an UUID definition of the FMDN Beacon Actions characteristic to the Fast Pair UUID header (:file:`bluetooth/services/fast_pair/uuid.h`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Added an UUID definition of the FMDN Beacon Actions characteristic to the Fast Pair UUID header (:file:`bluetooth/services/fast_pair/uuid.h`).
```

  * Removed the experimental status (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_EXPERIMENTAL`) from :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR` Kconfig option, which is the main Fast Pair configuration option.

>     Added the experimental status (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_EXPERIMENTAL`) to the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR_PN` Kconfig option, which is ued to enable Fast Pair Personalized Name extension.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Added the experimental status (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_EXPERIMENTAL`) to the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR_PN` Kconfig option, which is used to enable Fast Pair Personalized Name extension.
```

  * List of :ref:`debugging_tools` on the :ref:`debugging` page.
  * Recommendation for the use of a :file:`VERSION` file for :ref:`ug_fw_update_image_versions_mcuboot` in the :ref:`ug_fw_update_image_versions` user guide.
  * The :ref:`ug_coremark` page.

>   * The :ref:`ug_dult` guide.

Author: I missed one DULT-related document:

```suggestion
  * The :ref:`ug_dult` guide.
  * The :ref:`dult_readme` page.
```

  * The trusted storage support table in the :ref:`trusted_storage_in_ncs` section by adding nRF52833 and replacing nRF9160 with nRF91 Series.
  * The :ref:`ug_nrf52_developing` and :ref:`ug_nrf5340` by adding notes about how to perform FOTA updates with samples using random HCI identities, some specifically relevant when using the iOS app.
  * Reworked the :ref:`ble_rpc` page to be more informative and aligned with the library template.

>   * The :ref:`bt_fast_pair_readme` page to document support for the FMDN extension and alignment of the library after the sysbuild migration.
>   * The :ref:`ug_bt_fast_pair` integration to document integration steps for the FMDN extension, the locator tag use case, and alignment of the Fast Pair library after the sysbuild migration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * The :ref:`bt_fast_pair_readme` page to document support for the FMDN extension and aligned the page with the sysbuild migration.
  * The :ref:`ug_bt_fast_pair` integration to document integration steps for the FMDN extension, the locator tag use case, and aligned the page with the sysbuild migration.
```

  * The trusted storage support table in the :ref:`trusted_storage_in_ncs` section by adding nRF52833 and replacing nRF9160 with nRF91 Series.
  * The :ref:`ug_nrf52_developing` and :ref:`ug_nrf5340` by adding notes about how to perform FOTA updates with samples using random HCI identities, some specifically relevant when using the iOS app.
  * Reworked the :ref:`ble_rpc` page to be more informative and aligned with the library template.

>   * The :ref:`bt_fast_pair_readme` page to document support for the FMDN extension and aligned the page with the sysbuild migration.

Author: @b-gent, you seemed to miss these three entries

Reviewer 3: sorry, added now
